[Begin Metadata]

Thursday May 17th, 2018. 1PM to 2:45 PM
Meeting over Discord
Sergio/Dan and Another person from a conference room at RIT
Ethan from home, with microphone troubles at first
Ryan from home

TL;DR:TL;DR:TL;DR:
Discord

(TL;DR) was TL; DR:
Sergio's on DNS
Ethan's on Website
Eboard needs Financial Certification
Move to Discord

TL;DR:

BTCRIT has two goals
- Education		[Tell people about Blockchain Technology]
- Implementation	[Build stuff with Blockchain Technology]

We're switching primary communication methods
- from Matrix and Riot.IM to Discord
-- For assorted reasons.
The weekly emails will be kept, they were awesome.

Website V1 is up and stable, there's some talk about V2.
Sergio will be working with Joe on our DNS setup.
- Cloudflare Team
- Easily re-directable when we inevitably move servers
Some Ideas for content on the website

BlockHack
- This could be it's own thing, though we seemed to agree against this.
- We'll probably partner with BrickHack
-- Have a presentation, Run a booth
-- Work with consensys to sponser a Blockchain Prize
-- If we partner with BrickHack, We'll host a workshop
--- Before BrickHack
--- Educate Teams about how to attack the Blockchain Prize

There's also some discussion about Club Management.
- Disclaimers that need to go on the website.
- Eboard needs Financial Certification
- We need a system to track attendance

[End Metadata]

Dan
- I needed to find the matrix
-- The website helped with that
- What's our core goal?
-- Increase membership
-- Increase engagement
-- Spread blockchain
- Kevin's business
-- Not saying it wouldn't happen without us
-- Just saying we as a club help make things happen
Sergio
- Yeah I think the club helped kevin
- Goal = education + implementation
- Who's on BlockVote
Ryan - Me
Sergio
- Status?
Ryan
- Whitepaper, in development.
Sergio
- I like it, we can put that on the website
- I like how it was mentioned to Shrada
Dan
- It came up
- First meeting had a lot of people
Ethan - My microphone kinda works
Others - Just use the app, we can't see you
Sergio
- Blockvote, other projects, good, website them.
- Everyone get financially certified
Ryan
- Is that every year?
Dan
- Every Fiscal Year
- Sergio has all the answers if ya'll need help
Sergio
- Ethan get certified
Ethan
- I'm on it
Someone - Who needs to be certified?
Someone - All eboard members
- Joe will be fine
- Who's on Eboard?
[General Talk about Who needs to be Certified]
Ryan
[Copypasted from Discord]
- BTC Eboard:
	Ethan Witherington
	Daniel Behnke
	Jack Corrigan
	Sergio Zygmunt
	Hector Escobedo
	Ryan Volz
	Joseph Netti
[discuss financial certs]
[Something about funding]
Dan
- What do we need funding for
Sergio
- Requesting the Auditorium, other stuff
Dan
- Block Hack is a Major Thing
Ethan
- Let's merge with brickhack
-- [I list some reasons]
Sergio
- We need three events to be a club
- Let's do both brickhack /and/ our own thing?
Dan
- Running a hackathon is a lot of work
- Partnering with Brickhack would be a good idea
Sergio
- Make blockhack more informal?
Dan
- We need to start tracking who comes to Events // TODO
- Shrada was asking us about attendance
Sergio
- RC3 uses a signup thing
- signin.rc3.com or something
Ethan
- That wouldn't be hard to implement
Sergio
- Yeah
Dan
- How do we feel about the website
[General talk about the hamster logo]
[Talk about RIT name in club name: BTC vs BTCRIT vs BTC @ RIT]
Sergio
- We should get a cloudflare Team account
[General Agreement]
Sergio
- We should put the logo on the github organization
Ryan - Done, should appear within 24 hours
- There's this PDF right here
-- It shows what our website has to have
[PDF Link: https://www.rit.edu/marketing/sites/rit.edu.marketing/files/docs/identity_manual.pdf ]
Sergio
- I'd like to see if we can get a @rit.edu email
[rit.edu domain name at all?]
- We have to put these notices at the bottom
- There's a club manual
-- We should have that
- EAF forms are really important
[EAF forms become the inside joke of this meeting, mentioned several times, not included here.]
Dan
- Have we spent any money as a club?
Ryan
- Not that I know of
[General: Do we have $$?? I don't think so]
Ryan
- I though we werent allowed to have $?
Ethan
- We can have USD, but not BTC
Sergio
- I put in a request for $1000 per year
Dan
- Shrada can get us unlimited $ if we make it worth it to her
- We need to meet her goals
Sergio
- Yeah, more members, Club fair is really important
Dan
- Let's move the club fair up on our priority list
- Who has experience?
[Lots of us went, nobody ran something]
[Is there a spring club fair]
Sergio
- I requested a place with outlets/power
-- for "showing Demos"
Dan
- We could give away Vertcoin lol
Ryan
- Two years ago when we were starting the club
-- We should bring back RITcoin
[Ethan posts link to Destler Dubloons]
Dan
- We should make Munson Money
Sergio
- Let's get people involved
Dan
- I think that's a great idea
- Instagram, Tinder, Grindr, for ritcoin /s
- If we wanna do BlockHack, we gotta have stuff
-- Tutorials?
Sergio
- Notes from last meeting say "Crypto Prof"
Dan
- {Ratazowski} [Idk how to spell that, that's what it sounds like though]
- Strout is our advisor
-- Part of the CS department
Ethan
- He's very chill, I had him for CSAPX
Dan
- Aight Ethan and Joe are our contacts for Strout
Sergio
- We need approval for things via EAF form
Dan
- What are we gonna do
Sergio
- Use the conference room, food
[Dan and sergio argue about Conference room infrastructure]
[Dan and Sergio argue about hackathon administration]
Dan
- What makes a hackathon fun to go to
[General: Free food, prizes, activities, presentations]
[Sergio planning BlockHack on the whiteboard]
[Sergio and Dan discuss Datafest?]
Ethan
- We should piggyback on BrickHack
-- Have a workshop before hand on Blockchain
-- Run a table at the actual event
-- Work with consensys to sponser a Prize to the best blockchain project
Ryan
- I know some eboard on Brickhack
Ethan
- A club event could be a crashcourse before BrickHack
[General Off-Topic for a second here, I was messing with my mic]
Dan
- Totorial is interactive
- Presentations are a good idea
Sergio
- DEFCON?
-- It's a conference, but with interactive components
-- That could be a model to go off of before BrickHack
-- We can host a workshop or two before BrickHack
Dan
- I think that'd work
Sergio
- Villages, Broad Topics per Workshop
- We need an EAF form
Dan
- Oh no an EAF form
- Thought's yall?
Sergio
[something, didn't catch it, microphone issues]
Ethan
- I'm thinking about BrickHack
- Website V2
- Meetings are an Event
- Hack Nights are an event
- Workshop pre-BrickHack is an event
-- That's the three event requirement met
-- We'll have no problem running events
Sergio
- Thoughts about merging hack night and meetings?
[
	General disagreement
	keep hacknight informal and separate,
	although something interactive during
	meetings wouldn't be bad at all.
]
Dan
- Website V1 looks really good
- Getting the DNS setup is a good idea // TODO
Sergio
- We should do cloudflare
Ryan
- We can apply for RIT hosting
Sergio
- RIT's hosting is not that great
[Discussing Web Hosting]
Someone - Getting AWS credit would be awesome
[Fiddling with Sergio's Microphone]
[AWS Credit would be great]
[We should get a CMS going]
Sergio
- I am going to
--- Get an RIT Email for the club
--- Work with Joe on our DNS situation
- We have a confirmed space for the club fiar
- we get our budget in August
Dan
- We should right now make a list of things
-- What to do
- Priority One?
- Communication

[All of us discuss assorted communication methods]

We've decided on Discord
- Free
- Easier to use than Matrix
- More widely used than Matrix
- Channels and Settings.

We've decided the weekly emails were awesome
- We are going to keep them
-- and try to send them more than an hour before meetings

[Some talk about the room that
the on-campus people are in]

Dan
- We've settled communication
- Website is part of that
- Current setup is pretty good
Sergio
- Ethan I'm going to make a Discord Invite link
-- Please put that on the website
Ethan
- I'll put both links on there
- I'll remove the matrix link in a month or two
Dan
- Is anyone taking Notes
Ethan - Yep [Here they are lol]
Dan
- Let's be team friendly
- Let's keep the notes in one place
Sergio
- Send em to me, [Serg is Secretary]
Dan
- Communication
- Website
- Hackathon
- Those are our main things
[More talk about the room]
[Reserve this room? Another one?]
[Talking about room approval process]
Dan
- I'm out of ideas, motivation
- what else to talk about
Sergio
- Another meeting before august
Ethan
- What for V2 of the website
Ryan
- Recording Meetings, Livestream
Sergio
- Transparency Section
-- Meetings
-- Financial Reports
-- Minutes of Eboard Meetings
Dan
- Weekly meeting notes
- Blockchain General Notes
- I like the local business thing
- Projects that we're working on // TODO
- Kevin's Business
- Joe's co-op
- success of the club
Ryan
- Do we have a guy on Bitcoin Unlimited?
Dan
- Jason! [Guy on bitcoin unlimited team]
- Also people's Trading Bots and Such // TODO
Female [I'm sorry idk her name]
- Pictures with People
Ethan
- Let's avoid a "Meet the Team" section
Sergio
- It makes it more personal
Dan
- Putting a Face to a Name
Ryan
- Maybe not a linkedin link?
- That's an "I want a Job" thing
Ethan
- Projects and accomplishments
- Maybe not Linkedin?
Dan/Sergio
- Maybe Linkedin, idk
[We lost Ryan. Disconnected. Godspeed, sir.]
Sergio
- I'll send out...
- I'll call it the end of the meeting here
[Sergio/Dan/Female [I'm very sorry, I don't know her name] disconnect]













